If you look at our controller right now our high folks that greeting as kind of static in this context.
So what if we wanted to set things up so that we could say a greeting in different languages.
So what we could do is come in here and I'm going to come in here and say create a new package. We'll
say services like so and I am going to create a new interface. We'll call it greeting service.
Make that an interface like so and this will just have one property and that's going to be one that
return back a string. We'll just have it say say greeting like so. Now I can come up here and say
implement the interface. I just did option enter. I'm just going to call it greeting service implementation
We'll add that into Git
of course.
So I'm just going to say hello world there and this would be my English implementation. We'll look at other
implementations coming up.
So that sets that up and let's show a couple different techniques here so I'm going to come up here
and say new class.
So there's a property injector controller and this is going to have a greeting service
and then we'll implement a method here.
All this method is going to do is return back the greeting from the greeting service. So I just
want to say return like so.
So very very simple implementation.
Now let's go ahead and write a test for that.
So I'm going to say create test and we going to use
JUnit 5 and create that test.
Now what we want is the properties controller
and here what we need to do is configure this so I create a setup method so that beforeEach so I'm
in a
JUnit test and I'm setting up the test conditions. I want to say controller equals new property injected
controller. So I am mimicking what the Spring Framework would be doing. I'm actually creating the object
there and then that controller greeting service equals new greeting service implementation. And here I'm
not going to be a very elegant test but I want to say get the greeting so I'm going to say get controller get greeting
so I want that to run.
So let's go ahead and run this test for that.
You can see that I'm getting hello world down there.
So that is one example of doing manual property injection.
But in this case I am doing it by properties and this is not the way that we want to be doing it.
Let's also create a setter based controller.
I'm going to say a setter injected controller. In here,
let's do private greeting service. In here
I am going to provide a setter for that. And I'm just going to steal this.
So we're gonna get the take the same method and put that on the setter injected controller. So that's
also gonna be working like that.
So now in this case I have the greeting service and it's going to be set by the setter so it's a private
property but I'm providing a setter to set that.
So let's come over here.
I'm gonna create a test for that now.
And here I want to say we want to get the greeting and I'm also going to click this setup method because
I know I'm going need to work with that.
So here I want to set my setter injected controller controller
and now here the controller I want to set that up. So in the setup put my test I'm going to create a new
setter injected controller and then I'm gonna get the setter. I'm just going to say new greeting service.
So here again I'm using the setter to inject that service implementation and now my controller test
I'm just going to say get greeting.
So let's go ahead and run this and we'll see that execute.
My mistake. Forgot to output it.
That's why we're not seeing anything.
So let's go ahead and run this again
and we can see that we are getting hello world from from the service.
And then finally the most preferred method is to use constructor.
So I'm going to create a constructor injected controller.
Again this is going to take in. It's gonna have a private final greeting service.
And now I want to constructor so I'm going to do command N constructor and set that up.
I think I still have that on the clipboard.
Yes.
So I'm gonna use that same get greeting from the greeting service and output that.
So I'm going to come up here.
Do an option enter, create a test here, I want setup and also get greeting to test that.
Now let me go ahead and create the property so I'm gonna do a constructor injected controller like
so and here I want say controller equals new constructor injected controller.
And this is going to take on a new greeting service. So here I am mimicking what the Spring Framework
would be doing by instantiating this object.
Let's go ahead and test this one out. So controller get greeting and run that.
So now I'm getting my hello world output to the council.
So here we are demonstrating how to use JUnit and then the JUnit setup
We are taking control.
We are kind of acting as the inversion control in the setup methods of
JUnit. So just to recap here exactly what we did.
So let's open up the test folder and take a look at these three different tests that we set up and let's
take a look at the property injected controller. So properties are the least preferred method.
So here you can see my setup method. I am creating a new property injected controller object. I'm assigning
that to the variable controller and then I am setting that property directly by accessing that properties
directly with the new greeting service implementation.  Then in the setter injected controller, again I'm
instantiating the controller object and on line 16 there you can see that I'm using the setter to inject
that greeting service implementation.
And finally the most preferred method is going to be through the constructor and you see this code is
actually just for the simplistic example here. On line 15 you see I'm creating a new constructor injected
a controller and also at the same time I'm creating that greeting service.
So think of the three implementations we have here.
This is probably the most clean one. Let me come back over to the implementation of the constructor.
Again best practice, use private final and then provide the constructor.
That way I can't change the object once I'm inside the object code.